When building any sort of model,
whether it be regression,
or a more advanced machine learning model,
some of the largest gains in building a model are
frequently achieved due to feature engineering and feature selection.
So, what does this mean? Well feature selection is
about choosing which explanatory variables you should use in your model.
And we already saw some reasons of why we might
keep or remove particular variables such as,
the significance level associated with the coefficient,
or we could look at VIFs.
Another way to consider which features to keep is via cross validation or regularisation.
We will discuss cross validation quickly in this class but
an additional free Udacity course is linked in the instructor notes below.
And in terms of feature engineering this includes
filling in or removing rows with missing values,
or creating new columns with different scalings of the original features,
and also doing things like turning text and images into numbers,
or creating dummy variables,
which you saw in an earlier section.
When performing certain types of feature engineering,
like standardizing or using logs and exponential values,
or even other transformations that you'll see in the next concept,
these can lead to regression coefficients being uninterpretable.
So, I'm not a huge fan of this in regression models but,
other types of feature engineering like creating dummy variables,
or working with missing values are imperative to
the success and interpretation of your model results.
If you're most interested in prediction,
you might choose to do some crazy scalings and transformations.
These will help you better predict the response.
Again, another free course in Udacity is in the link below,
with some additional resources.